feat(K8s): Added changes for gather info related to v2 (#17994)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/upgrade-v2.mdx

---
title: Upgrade from v2
tags:
    - Integrations
    - Kubernetes integration
    - Changelog
metaDescription: Upgrade from v2
redirects:
    - /docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/get-started/changes-since-v3
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-07-22
---

> In order to upgrade the Kubernetes integration from version 2 (included in the [`nri-bundle`](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/nri-bundle) chart versions 3.x), we strongly encourage you to create a `values-newrelic.yaml` file with your desired <InlinePopover type="licenseKey" /> and configuration. If you had previously installed our chart from the CLI directly, for example using a command like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to upgrade the Kubernetes integration from version 2 (included in the [`nri-bundle`](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/nri-bundle) chart versions 3.x), we strongly encourage you to create a `values-newrelic.yaml` file with your desired <InlinePopover type="licenseKey" /> and configuration. If you had previously installed our chart from the CLI directly, such as using this command:
```

```shell
helm install newrelic/nri-bundle \
  --set global.licenseKey=<New Relic License key> \
  --set global.cluster=<Cluster name> \
  --set infrastructure.enabled=true \
  --set prometheus.enabled=true \
  --set webhook.enabled=true \
  --set ksm.enabled=true \
  --set kubeEvents.enabled=true \
  --set logging.enabled=true
```

> You can take the provided `--set` arguments and put them in a yaml file like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take the provided `--set` arguments and put them in a `yaml` file like the following:
```

```yaml
# values-newrelic.yaml
global:
  licenseKey: <New Relic License key>
  cluster: <Cluster name>
infrastructure:
  enabled: true
prometheus:
  enabled: true
webhook:
  enabled: true
ksm:
  enabled: true
kubeEvents:
  enabled: true
logging:
  enabled: true
```

> After doing this, and adapting any other setting you might have changed according to the [migration guide](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/changes-since-v3/#migration-guide), you can upgrade your `nri-bundle` by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After doing this, and adapting any other setting you might have changed according to the [migration guide](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/changes-since-v3/#migration-guide), upgrade your `nri-bundle` by running this command:
```
